okay next young g 0 g jones two flips in
a row down and back let's lock the back
up boys don't round back it don't be as
they say don't be a Sally that is the
finish line for young jeez oh jeez take
it back to the underground sign all
right two flips in a row per guy unless
you're like oh I'm crushed I will let
you switch it on your own are we ready
three two one go feyi started with a
running start a staggered stance to
neuro let's get that back tight
calendars back is turtle back because
he's wearing ninja turtle shirt
two in a row to row
the legend has rolled up drawers jasky
Phelps oh jeez are somewhat in the lead
but Yun Jie's don't have to travel as
far let's lock that lower back in if you
need to switch it to single rips always
wrestling that arms under deep
wrestle come on come on Yun Jie's turn
it around after that van you got turn it
around let's go let's keep that lower
back and check fellas oh come on stay
committed if you got a switch on the one
you can we gave you guys hit less space
and the og's are crushing you run run
come on Fahey Oh van needs break are you
out you're pulling out he's pulling out
fade he's finishing on his own and he
might beat you guys go for it they got
one more ah oh jeez break the tie
breaker sure dude Fahey finish that
whole that whole trip going back alright
let's put the tires in